

### Welcome to my mini data analysis! This is a project assigned by STAT 545A, wherein students are asked to complete a small data analysis based on data sets of our choosing. Tbe data analysis was split into 2 deliverables (part/'milestones' 1 and 2), which is reflected in the folder structure of this repository.

## This repository is structured as follows: 

## mda-SidneySaint/
*   **Milestone1/**
  1. SaintMDA1.Rmd: The Rstudio markdown file containing the code I used to carry out the first part of the data analysis
  2. SaintMDA1.html: The RStudio markdown file, renderred to an html file. Please download this file and open this *html version it in a webpage to see the output of the R code. 

*  **Milestone 2 /** :sparkles:
  1. SaintMDA21017.Rmd: The Rstudio markdown file containing the code I used to carry out the second part of my data analysis
  2. SaintMDA2107.md: :sparkles: The knitted RStudio markdown file, containing the code in the *Rmd version of this file and its output as a github document. Unlike the html-renderred version of my markdown file for part one of this analysis, this code is viewable right from github (just click on the file). 
  3. SaintMDA21017_files/figure-gfm/
     * Contains 7 *.png files generated from running my *Rmd code in part 2 of the analysis. These graphs are also embdedded in the *md / renderred github file, so you can probably ignore this folder.

*  **output /** 
  1. Sidneys_LogitRegrsMod_diagbyRadConc.rds
  2. Sidneys_RegrsTble_exp_diagByRadConc.csv
     * A model object (.rds) and a table (.csv) that charectrizes the model, generated by running SaintMDA21017.Rmd. Refer to the renderred (*.md) version for an explanation of these outputs. 

*  **MDAPart2.Rproject**: The RProject for the milestone 2 analyses
